14 players have left and eight new ones
have been added this is the band of
hansa rostock the club probably has the
worst season in its history
behind sure and the descent into the
fourth league there was just so
to be prevented today was
training start and with it a new one
old friend I was then gone
tobias jänicke returns after three
hiking years in dresden and wiesbaden
Now it pokes again at the lactate test
in rostock for the fast whirlwind
There was no right middle field
only sporting reasons for the flight
home
i have a lot of my youth here
my daughter was in rostock
born my wife comes from here
is of course an emotional bond
and therefore us also clear that for
the new team come here
first training of football hunger in
rostock considerably despite 17 m square in
the pre-season 200 people
Success hungry fans the terrain but
economically, the budget leaves no
big jumps too
it is 800,000 euros lower than in
the last season what the search for
powerful player not necessarily
simplified
hand on heart how many times did they have to say
I would have liked to go but unfortunately
not very often and then it is plan b
plan b certainly not then it says
Naturally
try to enter into the talks
the best for the club
Of course, that's just the way to get it out
then also applies to the players without
ask but I believe that all
Talks very fair and open
so are all involved too
did we know what the conditions are
can offer eight new let themselves
convince a well-known coach in
red must now see how he made it
a new team can be formed
still change
tobias jänicke could have more
get new playmates
exercise leader karsten baumann has
in any case much
you also have the opportunity to join us now
the training control with the
olympiastpunkt together that we very much
can act individually on the
player
they will have to work hard though
they will not work so hard that
then at some point fall over the sixpack
looks pretty good too
when Flugflitzer bickel the holiday
tiredness still written in the face
stands
and yes with hansa, there is up to
season opener then another important
to clarify personnel question how they look
with the captain names
amsterdam for that strong is still lame
was ready
that my hand decide that
when finally at rest after a few
weeks and we'll be fine
put together good
on 24 july the third league starts in
the coming season at hanser is called the
Devise do not tremble again as soon as
last but before the success is just the
sweat set
and not only that flows in the next
weeks in strip